The first arm is meant to be a gym assistant. It has a wide base held down by large rivets to help keep it down when lifting large amounts of weight. 
It has wires at the base that emmulate a bicep contracting and extending as well as a "swole" meter to track your exercise progress. 
The forearm is thick to help with the weight as well, and has a "tough guy" anchor tatoo on it. The fingers are thick in order to help with holding weight.
It also has a squat rack in the back so it can provide weight and be a spotter when needed. The ball socket is also a weight so the arm is constantly lifting heavy weight.

The second arm is an orchestra arm. It's meant to be a stand in in an orchestra or symphony if you need more instruments. This particular model is for the cello.
It's supposed to emulate a music stand with elegant curves to match the atmosphere of the music it plays. 
It has an attached music stand in the arm and the fingers have soft pads to prevent the instrument from being damaged.
It also has a bow stand to hold the cello bow. And of course the arm is wearing a tuxedo to fit the occasion and dress code for the orchestra.

The third arm is a space miner arm. It has treads on it so it can be mobile on alien planets. 
The arm is actually a drill, which is equipped with a drill and two claws to break the alien rock. The thumb is meant to sift through the dust and only collect the precious minerals.
The minerals are then sucked up into a vacuum and processed and stored in a container on the back of the arm. 
The arm is powered by AI and has a display screen so the AI can show emotion and interact with the astronaughts it's assigned to.

The final arm is supposed to be a chess master. It's modeled after chess pieces with the base being a knight chess piece.
The forearm is a rook piece and the fingers are pawns. It's meant to be the final opponent to face before becoming a grandmaster in chess.

---Prototype Update---
I decided to go with the chess master arm. Getting the knight chess piece down was a little tricky, but I feel like I was able to emulate what a knight piece looks like somewhat effectively. 
I really tried to keep in mind how the arm would move, and if there would be any geometry that would overlap as it was moving, because that would restrict movement in real life.
I specifically positioned the knight to face the back side of the arm, to give the rook portion the most amount of movement on the hinge joint between the two arm pieces.
It has a ball joint on the bottom, which was an addition to the original design, to give the arm more movement and functionality.

--Model Update--
I added ears to the knight piece and indents for the eyes and nostrils. I finished up the fingers on the arms with edge looping and the multicut tool to make sure teh topology was correct. 
I made sure that all the parenting was correctly laid out and that the model was moving and functioning correctly so it was prepped for rigging.
I also added little discs to "pocket" the finger joints connected to the rook part of the arm.

--Material Update--
I decided to make the model mostly marble with wood highlights. The knight piece was given a black marble substance and the base of the piece has two higlighted wood panels on it. The rook piece is a white marble with two wood panels as well.
The joints are made up of a brushed metal material to give it the "robot" feel. The base was designed to look like a chess board, with wood borders around the board, and the two types of marble for the squares.
The pawn pieces were also a white marble with some wood highlights. Overall I feel that the aesthetic arm works well with all of the pieces and textures added to it, giving it a sophisticated and elegant feel, much like the game of chess.
